hey guys what's going on gingy tech here
and today I want to talk to you all
about one of the world's most popular
cell phone companies out there and that
is Apple now there is so many rumors
going around about the next iPhone ever
since the iPad air was announced people
have been saying well is it going to be
iPhone 6 or the iPhone air and that is
what I want to talk to you guys about
today
this is an iPhone air / 6 phone rumor
roundup let's get into it
all right you guys so one of the things
that people are talking about lately is
ever since the iPad air came out people
are questioning whether it's good to be
the iPhone 6 or the iPhone air they're
saying it's going to be the same
thinness as what we know right now as
the iPod Touch now if you've ever held
the next or the newest generation of the
iPod Touch you'll know that it's
extremely thin and to get an iPhone 6c
like this one or just the regular iPhone
6 that's gold like this into that small
of a form factor that would be pretty
amazing people are saying it's gonna
have a four and a half inch screen to
five inches some are even saying they
really get to the phablet game like the
note 3 and throw out a six-inch or a
five and a half inch now these are all
just rumors and speculations and people
are also saying there's gonna be a 12
megapixel camera others are saying
there's gonna be a 20 megapixel camera
I'm going to leave a link down below
that like button with all my social
networks and all the links that have all
these room around ups one thing I am
excited for is the iPhone 6 not really
the iPhone air and this is what I'm
hoping it's good to be all right now
personally I'm gonna talk about why I
think iPhones next product is going to
be the iPhone 6 and not the iPhone air
although Apple does have long history
with talking about how innovative their
products are and how about lighter and
thinner they are it's 20% lighter and
50% thinner it's just it's it's
marvelous I don't really think it's good
to be how they're gonna present the
iPhone air if they do Apple I do think
it's going to be a pretty innovative
product with terms of the screen now
what I'm talking about here is a
foldable screen that we've already seen
introduced to the world and we've
already seen on two products that being
the LG G flex and the galaxy round now
marques Kay Bradley otherwise known as
mkbhd did a video on these two phones
now I'll leave a link down the
description underneath that like button
to his two videos but these two products
kind of show exactly how you would curb
the
this way and kind of that way it's it's
it's a pretty different device but what
do we think apples gonna do with that
kind of technology well in iPhone
concepts YouTube page he showed a video
of how he thinks it's going to be and
that being how they're gonna take work
the volume rocker buttons are and the
silent button the he's talking about how
it's gonna take the screen wrap it to
the edges and then fold it down to the
corners so it's gonna be on the edges of
the phone and I'm gonna show it clip
exactly what he's talking about how that
looks so let's show you guys that right
now so it appears as though the side
buttons will be able to access your
flashlight your alarm clock your camera
of course your volume rocker and putting
on silent it's supposed to be a pretty
innovative screen and you're supposed to
be able to like say DoubleTap it drag
and drop your internet or your face but
put it on the side and have instant
access now although it'd be cool I'm
more excited about this a battery light
indicator on that lightning input now
every flash red for 10% left or green
for you're good to go now these are the
iPhone concepts and they are amazing all
right you guys so all these kind of
pictures and rumors all thrown together
it's a pretty it's a lot to take in
now my personal opinion is I think it's
gonna be the iPhone 6 I do believe it's
good to have a foldable screen I don't
know exactly if iPhone concepts got it
right how it's gonna look but I mean
it'd be cool to see that a lot of people
are saying it's gonna be bigger I mean
the screen size is pretty tiny people
are saying it's gonna be a lot of
iPhones that are good to match you know
three size some people are staggered
announced three different sizes Tim Cook
even have said that it's gonna be a
pretty eventful year for Apple I'm
thinking it's gonna be the iPad pro
which I did a video on already Oh leave
that in the description down below and
the iPhone 6 but personally again when
it comes to iPhone I'm expecting the
foldable screen I'm expecting a 20
megapixel camera I'm expecting a bigger
screen size
I'm guessing it's gonna be thinner and
lighter knowing Apple I'm guessing the
battery
that's what I'm personally excited in is
battery technology so all that thrown
together with maybe the a7x trip maybe
the a8 chip
I highly doubt we're gonna see iOS 8 by
then it's probably it's going to be iOS
7.5 or something but those are all the
concepts and rumors thrown together I
just kind of want to bring it to you
guys the public and kind of see what you
guys are thinking and what you guys want
to see I hope you guys enjoyed gtex
iPhone rumor roundup video if you
haven't subscribed to the channel please
do so already and hit that thumbs up
button as it does help a lot a lot and I
expect to see you guys in the next video
peace